Let's a go!
Remember, sword goes on A!
Remember, sword goes on B!
It's pronounced Hydrocity Zone.
Avoid the heart piece of shame!
Marin? No, this is Zelda. Welcome to Hyrule
Why are you in my bed?
This is not a Mario game!
Wait, I thought Daid was French!
Is it spicefather or spaceotter?
kbranch finally took a break!
Baby seed ahead.
Abandon all hope ye who enter here...
Link... Open your eyes...\nWait, you're #####?
Remember, there are no bugs in LADX.
#####, #####, you got to wake up!\nDinner is ready.
Go find the stepladder.
Pizza power!
Eastmost peninsula is the secret.
There is no cow level.
You cannot lift rocks with your bear hands.
Don't worry, the doghouse was patched.
The carpet whale isn't real, it can't hurt you.
Isn't this a demake of Phantom Hourglass?
Go try the LAS rando!
Go try the Oracles rando!
Go try Archipelago!
Go try touching grass!
Please leave my house.
Trust me, this will be a 2 hour seed, max.
This is still better than doing Dampe dungeons.
They say that Marin can be found here.
Stalfos are such boneheads.
90 percent bug-free!
404 Marin.personality not found.
Idk man, works on my machine.
Hey guys, did you know that Vaporeon
Trans rights!
Support gay rights!\nAnd their lefts!
Snake? Snake?! SNAAAAKE!!!
Oh, you chose THESE settings?
As seen on TV!
May contain nuts.
Limited edition!
May contain RNG.
Reticulating splines!
Keyboard compatible!
Teetsuuuuoooo!
Kaaneeeedaaaa!
Learn about allyship!
This Marin text left intentionally blank.
'Autological' is!
Technoblade never dies!
Thank you, CrystalSaver!
Wait, LADX has a rando?
Wait, how many Pokemon are there now?
GOOD EMU
Good luck finding the feather.
Good luck finding the bracelets.
Good luck finding the boots.
Good luck finding your swords.
Good luck finding the flippers.
Good luck finding the rooster.
Good luck finding the hookshot.
Good luck finding the magic rod.
It's not a fire rod.\nIt's a magic rod, it shoots magic.
You should check the Seashell Mansion.
Mt. Tamaranch
WIND FISH IN NAME ONLY, FOR IT IS NEITHER.
Stuck? Try Magpie!
Ribbit! Ribbit! I'm Marin, on vocals!
Try this rando at ladxr.daid.eu!
He turned himself into a carpet whale!
Which came first, the whale or the egg?
Glan - Known Death and Taxes appreciator.
Pokemon number 591.
Would you?
Sprinkle the desert skulls.
Please don't curse in my Christian LADXR seed.
... ... ... \n... ...smash.
How was bedwetting practice?
The Oracles decomp project is going well!
#####, how do I download RAM?
Is this a delayed April Fool's Joke?
Play as if your footage will go in a\nSummoning Salt video.
I hope you prepared for our date later.
Isn't this the game where you date a seagull?
You look pretty good for a guy who probably drowned.
Remember, we race on Sundays.
This randomizer was made possible by players like you. \n \n Thank you!
Now with real fake doors!
Now with real fake floors!
You could be doing something productive right now.
No eggs were harmed in the making of this game.
I'm helping the goat, \ncatfishing Mr. Write is kinda the goal.
There are actually two LADX randomizers.
Did you actually dump this cart?
You're not gonna cheat... \n ...right?
Mamu's singing is so bad it wakes the dead.
Don't forget the Richard picture.
Are you sure you wanna do this?  I kinda like this island.
SJ, BT, WW, OoB, HIJKLMNOP.
5 dollars in the swear jar.  Now.
#####, I promise this seed will be better than the last one.
Want your name here?  Contribute to LADXR!
Kappa
HEY! \n \n LANGUAGE!
I sell seashells on the seashore.
Hey!  Are you even listening to me?
Your stay will total 10,000 rupees.  I hope you have good insurance.
I have like the biggest crush on you.  Will you get the hints now?
Daid watches Matty for ideas. \nBlame her if things go wrong.
'All of you are to blame.' -Daid
Batman Contingency Plan: Link.  Step 1: Disguise yourself as a maiden to attract the young hero.
I have flooded Koholint with a deadly neurotoxin.
Ahh, General #####.
Finally, Link's Awakening!
Is the Wind Fish dreaming that he's sleeping in an egg?  Or is he dreaming that he's you?
Save Koholint.  By destroying it.  Huh?  Don't ask me, I'm just a kid!
There aren't enough women in this village to sustain a civilization.
So does this game take place before or after Oracles?
Have you tried the critically acclaimed MMORPG FINAL FANTASY XIV that has a free trial up to level 60 including the Heavensward expansion?
The thumbs-up sign had been used by the Galactic Federation for ages. Me, I was known for giving the thumbs-down during briefing. I had my reasons, though... Commander Adam Malkovich was normally cool and not one to joke around, but he would end all of his mission briefings by saying, 'Any objections, Lady?'
Hot hippos are near your location!
#####, get up!  It's my turn in the bed!  Tarin's smells too much...
Have you ever had a dream\nthat\nyo wa-\nyo had\nyo\nthat\nthat you could do anything?
Next time, try a salad.
seagull noises
I'm telling you, YOU HAVE UNO, it came free with your Xbox!
I'm telling you, YOU HAVE TRENDY, it came free with your Mabe!
LADXR - Now with even more Marin quotes!
You guys are spending more time adding Marin quotes than actually playing the game.
NASA faked the moon.
Doh, I missed!
Beginning the seed in... 100\n99\n98\n97\n96\n...\nJust Kidding.
Consider libre software!
Consider a GNU/Linux installation!
Now you're gonna tell me about how you need to get some instruments or maybe shells to hatch a whale out of an egg, right?  All you boys are the same...
Oh hey #####!  I made pancakes!
Oh hey #####!  I made breakfast!
Alright Tarin, test subject number 142857 was a failure, give him the item and the memory drug and we'll try next time.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you a sword.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you the feather.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you a bracelet.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you the boots.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you the hookshot.
Betcha 100 rupees that Tarin gives you the rod.
You'd think that Madam MeowMeow would be a cat person.
Look at you, with them dry lips.
You are now manually breathing.  Hope that doesn't throw you off for this race.
Lemme get a number nine, a number nine large, a number six, with extra dip...
Tarin, the red-nosed deadbeat \nHad a mushroom addiction!
I'm using tilt controls!
SPLASH! \n \n \n ...Wait, you meant something else by 'splash text'?
CRACKLE-FWOOSH!
'Logic' is a strong word.
They say that the go-to way for fixing things is just to add another one of me.
gl hf
Have you considered multi-classing as a THIEF?
Don't call me Shirley
WHY are you buying CLOTHES at the SOUP STORE?
Believe it or not, this won't be the last time Link gets stranded on an island.
Is this the real life?  Or is this just fantasy?
To the owner of the white sedan, your lights are on.
Now remade, in beautiful SD 2D!
Animal Village in my seed \nMarin and rabbits, loop de loop.
You seem totally entranced in Marin's appearance.
House hippoes are very timid creatures and are rarely seen, but they will defend their territory if provoked.
New goal! Close this seed, open the LADXR source code, and find the typo.
All your base are belong to us
Really?  Another seed?
This seed brought to you by: the corners in the D2 boss room.
Hey, THIEF!  Oh wait, you haven't done anything wrong... yet.
Hello World
With these hands, I give you life!
I heard we're a subcommunity of FFR now.
Try the Final Fantasy Randomizer!
How soon should we start calling you THIEF?
... Why do you keep doing this to yourself?
YOUR AD HERE
Did Matty give you this seed?  Yeesh, good luck.
Yoooo I looked ahead into the spoiler log for this one...\n...\n...\n...good luck.
Lemme check the spoiler log...\nOkay, cool, only the normal amount of stupid.
Oh, you're alive.  Dang.  Guess I won't be needing THIS anymore.
Now you're gonna go talk to my dad.  Gosh, boys are so predictable.
Shoot, I WAS going to steal your kidneys while you were asleep.  Guess I'll have to find a moment when you don't expect me.
You caught me, mid-suavamente!
You'll be the bedwetting champion in no time.
Link, stop doing that, this is the fifth time this week I've had to change the sheets!
You mind napping in Not My Bed next time?
Why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food?
Marin sayings will never be generated by AI.  Our community really is just that unfunny.
skibidi toilet\n...\nYes, that joke WILL age well
I have returned from the dead with copyright-compliant music!
WHO DARES AWAKEN ME FROM MY THOUSAND-YEAR SLUMBER
The wind... it is... blowing...
Have I ever told you how much I hate sand?
explosion.gif
It is pronounced LADXR, not LADXR.
Stop pronouncing it lah-decks.
Someone once suggested to add all the nag messages all at once for me.
Accidentally playing Song 2?  In front of the egg?  It's more likely than you think.
Ladies and gentlemen?  We got him.
Ladies and gentlemen?  We got her.
Ladies and gentlemen?  We got 'em.
What a wake up!  I thought you'd never Marin!  You were feeling a bit woozy and Zelda... What? Koholint?  No, my name's relief!  You must still be tossing.  You are on turning Island!
...Zelda?  Oh Marin is it?  My apologies, thank you for saving me.  So I'm on Koholint Island?  Wait, where's my sword and shield?!
Koholint?  More like kOWOlint.
What? The Wind Fish will grant my wish literally?  I forsee nothing wrong happening with this.
Hey Marin!  You woke me up from a fine nap!  ... Thanks a lot!  But now, I'll get my revenge!  Are you ready?!
Why bother coming up with a funny quote?  You're just gonna mash through it anyway.
something something whale something something dream something something adventure.
Some people won't be able to see this message!
If you're playing Archipelago and see this message, say hi to zig for me!
I think it may be time to stop playing LADXR seeds.
Rings do nothing unless worn!
Thank you Link, but our Instruments are in another Dungeon.
Are you sure you loaded the right seed?
Is this even randomized?
This seed brought to you by... Corners!
To this day I still don't know if we inconvenienced the Mad Batter or not.
Oh, hi #####
People forgot I was playable in Hyrule Warriors
Join our Discord.  Or else.
Also try Minecraft!
I see you're finally awake...
OwO
This is Todd Howard, and today I'm pleased to announce... The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim for the Nintendo Game Boy Color!
Hey dummy!  Need a hint?  The power bracelet is... !! Whoops! There I go, talking too much again.
Thank you for visiting Toronbo Shores featuring Mabe Village.  Don't forget your complimentary gift on the way out.
They say that sand can be found in Yarna Desert.
I got to see a previously unreleased cut yesterday.  It only cost me 200 rupees.  What a deal!
Just let him sleep
LADXR is going to be renamed X now.
Did you hear this chart-topping song yet?  It's called Manbo's Mambo, it's so catchy!  OH!
YOU DARE BRING LIGHT INTO MY LAIR?!?!  You must DIE!
But enough talk!  Have at you!
Please input your age for optimal meme-text delivery.
So the bear is just calling the walrus fat beecause he's projecting, right?
Please help, #####!  The Nightmare has shuffled all the items around!
One does not simply Wake the Wind Fish.
Nothing unusual here, just a completely normal LADX game, Mister Nintendo.
Remember:\n1) Play Vanilla\n2) Play Solo Rando\n3) Play Multi
Is :) a good item?
What version do we have anyway? 0.6.9?
Hello. LADX is currently looking for a new maintainer. Please apply within.
You are being issued a server strike for piracy.
So, what &newgames are coming in the next AP version?
Is !remaining fixed yet?
Remember the APocalypse. Never forget the rooms we lost that day.
Have you heard of Berserker's Multiworld?
MILF. Man I love Fangames.
How big can the Big Async be anyway? A hundred worlds?
Have you heard of the After Dark server?
Try Adventure!
Try Aquaria!
Try Blasphemous!
Try Bomb Rush Cyberfunk!
Try Bumper Stickers!
Try Castlevania 64!
Try Celeste 64!
Try ChecksFinder!
Try Clique!
Try Dark Souls III!
Try DLCQuest!
Try Donkey Kong Country 3!
Try DOOM 1993!
Try DOOM II!
Try Factorio!
Try Final Fantasy!
Try Final Fantasy Mystic Quest!
Try A Hat in Time!
Try Heretic!
Try Hollow Knight!
Try Hylics 2!
Try Kingdom Hearts 2!
Try Kirby's Dream Land 3!
Try Landstalker - The Treasures of King Nole!
Try The Legend of Zelda!
Try Lingo!
Try A Link to the Past!
Try Links Awakening DX!
Try Lufia II Ancient Cave!
Try Mario & Luigi Superstar Saga!
Try MegaMan Battle Network 3!
Try Meritous!
Try The Messenger!
Try Minecraft!
Try Muse Dash!
Try Noita!
Try Ocarina of Time!
Try Overcooked! 2!
Try Pokemon Emerald!
Try Pokemon Red and Blue!
Try Raft!
Try Risk of Rain 2!
Try Rogue Legacy!
Try Secret of Evermore!
Try Shivers!
Try A Short Hike!
Try Slay the Spire!
Try SMZ3!
Try Sonic Adventure 2 Battle!
Try Starcraft 2!
Try Stardew Valley!
Try Subnautica!
Try Sudoku!
Try Super Mario 64!
Try Super Mario World!
Try Super Metroid!
Try Terraria!
Try Timespinner!
Try TUNIC!
Try Undertale!
Try VVVVVV!
Try Wargroove!
Try The Witness!
Try Yoshi's Island!
Try Yu-Gi-Oh! 2006!
Try Zillion!
Try Zork Grand Inquisitor!
Try Old School Runescape!
Try Kingdom Hearts!
Try Mega Man 2!
Try Yacht Dice!
VVVVVVVVVVVVVV this should be enough V right?
If you see this message, please open a #bug-report about it\n\n\nDon't actually though.
This YAML is going in the bucket, isn't it?
Oh, this is a terrible seed for a Sync
Oh, this is a terrible seed for an Async
What does BK stand for anyway?
Check out the #future-game-design forum
This is actually a Free trial of the critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV, including the entirety of A Realm Reborn and the award winning Heavensward and Stormblood expansions up to level 70 with no restrictions on playtime!
Is it April yet? Can I play ArchipIDLE again?
https://archipelago.gg/datapackage
